Several documentation adjustments for minor features/enhancements (#119)
AxonIQ/reference-guide: configuring-infrastructure-components/deadlines.md

 but the client payed the amount which means that the deadline is obsolete and can be canceled).

```java
class DeadlineCancelingComponent {
    void cancelMyDeadline(String deadlineId) {
        deadlineManager.cancelSchedule("myDeadline", deadlineId);
    }
}
```

> There are more option to cancel a deadline nexted to through the received `deadlineId` and the used `deadlineName`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are more options to cancel a deadline than the previously mentioned:
```

Author: Thanks for sharing.

>  * `cancelAll(String)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `cancelAll(String name)`
```

  Cancels _every_ scheduled deadline matching the given deadline name.
  Note that this thus also cancels deadlines from other aggregate and/or saga instances matching the name.

>  * `cancelAllWithinScope(String)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `cancelAllWithinScope(String name)`
```

Author: I'll add the parameter name, good point. I'll do `deadlineName` though, to be a tad more specific.

  Cancels a scheduled deadline matching the given deadline name, _within_ the scope the method is invoked in.
  For example, if this operation is performed from within "aggregate instance X",
   the `ScopeDescriptor` from "aggregate instance X" will be used to cancel. 

>  * `cancelAllWithinScope(String, ScopeDescriptor)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * `cancelAllWithinScope(String name, ScopeDescriptor scope)`
```
